society in large urban centers demands
to food production
with good storage and transport conditions
modern conservation technologies
reducing product waste and possible risks to
Cheers
for this to be possible
the training of people involved in these processes is a necessary
growing
in order to meet the demand of the sector
the paula souza center seeks to meet this need
through professional education specific to the segment
in this way the technical course on food
offered in the city of jundiaí through the technical school benedito
storani
our school
with a faculty capable of aligning with
food
the course that is offered semiannually
has a duration of one year and a half
where in the end the student receives professional qualification of technician
in food
the classes
are divided into theoretical and practical
where students can follow up on laboratory
of meat
biotechnology
qualification
and in the pilot plant of fruit pulp and milk pasteurization
within the content
the student integrated in the food production stages
employee preservation technologies
knowing laboratory procedures and quality assurance systems that
are used by Brazilian industries
Our challenge is to train professionals with skills that meet the new
market trends.
the food and nutrition needs of a population of one
expanding country
do you also belong to meredith technical school history